Docs for syncing to S3 (#345)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/software-platforms/aws/working-with-s3-buckets.md

## Syncing your results to S3

> We have written a script to help you sync you results to your S3 bucket, stored in [`scripts/sync-results.py`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/main/scripts/sync-results.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have written a script to help you sync your results to your S3 bucket, stored in [`scripts/sync-results.py`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/main/scripts/sync-results.py).
```

> You will need to use the [terminal](../general-tools/using-the-terminal.md) to run this script.

Reviewer: Are we saying this for all scripts? I am not sure we need the explicit call out here, unless we have another way for people to run scripts.

Author: No, we don't explicitly say this every time. I can remove it.

For this script to you, you need to be [logged into the AWS account profile you use for contributing to OpenScPCA](../../technical-setup/environment-setup/configure-aws-cli.md#logging-in-to-a-new-session).

> The simplest usage of this script, called from the `OpenScPCA-analysis` repository root folder, is:

Reviewer: We should say somewhere prominently what the script does here: that it syncs the contents of the `results` and `plots` directories _only_ to S3, organized by module.

Note the sync: if there have been files removed from the local directory, it will delete them, unless told not to. (We could change this behavior: I debated which was "better")

Reviewer 2: Hmmmm... I think I'd change this behavior (yes, I know I was the original reviewer). I'm now thinking about the situation where someone is switching between LSfR and their laptop. It'd be swell to be able to copy things to S3 from either local situation without worrying.

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense. On naming... how does `--exact-sync` or something like that sound? `destructive-sync`? Or just `--with-delete`?

## Syncing your results to S3

We have written a script to help you sync your results to your S3 bucket, stored in [`scripts/sync-results.py`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/main/scripts/sync-results.py).
For this script to work, you need to be [logged into the AWS account profile you use for contributing to OpenScPCA](../../technical-setup/environment-setup/configure-aws-cli.md#logging-in-to-a-new-session).

This script syncs the contents of a given analysis module's `results` and `plots` directories from your computer to S3.
It does not also sync S3 contents back to your computer.

> Your files will be synced to a bucket called `s3://{your bucket name}/{analysis module name}`, where:

Reviewer: I don't love "location" here, but I want to make the distinction between a bucket, which is just the overall place, and files/"directories" within the bucket. 
```suggestion
Your files will be synced to the S3 location `s3://{your bucket name}/{analysis module name}`, where:
```

- Plots will be synced to `s3://{your bucket name}/{analysis module name}/plots`

The simplest usage of this script, called from the `OpenScPCA-analysis` repository root folder, is:

```sh
scripts/sync-results.py \
    --module {analysis module name} \
    --bucket {name of your bucket}
```

- `--module` (or `-m`) is the folder name of the analysis module whose results you want to sync
- `--bucket` (or `-b`) is your [bucket name](#finding-your-bucket-name)
  - You can omit this argument if you have saved your bucket name in the environment variable `OPENSCPCA_RESULTS_BUCKET`

**Before you run the script to sync your results,** we recommend you first run the script with the `--dryrun` flag.
This flag will not actually sync your files, but it will instead print out which files will be synced, and where, to your S3 bucket:

```sh
scripts/sync-results.py \
    --module {analysis module name} \
    --bucket {name of your researcher bucket} \
    --dryrun
```

If everything looks correct to you when running with `--dryrun`, you can then proceed to run the script without this flag and actually perform the syncing.

### Additional script flags

> By default, there any result or plot files that exist on S3 but that you have locally deleted, this script will _not also delete_ those files from S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if there are any result or plot files that exist on S3 but that you have locally deleted, this script will _not delete_ those files from S3.
```

> To override this behavior and delete them from S3 as well, use the `--destructive-sync` flag:

Reviewer: Worth saying that this will not delete anything from other modules, I think
```suggestion
To override this behavior and delete these files from S3 as well (but only for the specified analysis module), use the `--destructive-sync` flag:
```
